(cliniqlink) rishit@SJP-DIT400TR-55L:~/srikar/cliniqlink$ python3 ClinIQLink_Sample-dataset/sample_submission/submit_biomistral.py
[nltk_data] Downloading package punkt_tab to /home/rishit/nltk_data...
[nltk_data]   Package punkt_tab is already up-to-date!
[nltk_data] Downloading package punkt to /home/rishit/nltk_data...
[nltk_data]   Package punkt is already up-to-date!
[nltk_data] Downloading package wordnet to /home/rishit/nltk_data...
[nltk_data]   Package wordnet is already up-to-date!
Initializing Enhanced BioMistral Medical Evaluator...

Starting comprehensive evaluation...
True/False Average Score: 0.60
Multiple Choice Average Score: 1.00
List Question Average F1 Score: 0.68
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Final Answer: The twelve thoracic vertebrae are characterized by their articulation with ribs. A typical thoracic vertebra has two partial facets (superior and inferior costal facets) on each side of the vertebral body for articulation with the head of its own rib and the head of the rib below. The superior costal facet is larger than the inferior costal facet.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Final Answer: The two demifacets (superior and inferior costal facets) on a typical thoracic vertebra's body articulate with the head of its own rib and the head of the rib below. Specifically, the superior costal facet articulates with part of its own rib's head, while the inferior costal facet articulates with part of the rib head located inferiorly.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Final Answer: The margin of the pelvic outlet is formed by the pubic symphysis (anteriorly), the ischiopubic rami and ischial tuberosities (anterolaterally), the sacrotuberous ligaments (posterolaterally), and the tip of the coccyx (posteriorly).
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Final Answer: Nerves arising from lumbar segments (L1-L5) contribute to the lumbar plexus. This plexus gives rise to nerves that innervate the lower limb, including the femoral nerve and the obturator nerve. Additionally, lumbar segments contribute to the lumbosacral plexus, which also involves sacral segments and innervates the lower limb. The fifth lumbar nerve and first sacral root also receive sensory fibers from the lumbosacral and sacroiliac joints.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Final Answer: Osteoporosis is characterized by decreased bone strength, leading to an increased risk of fractures. This reduction in bone strength stems from a deficiency in the quantity of bone, often accompanied by deterioration in skeletal microarchitecture. While bone quality is typically normal, the reduced bone mass makes individuals, especially postmenopausal women and older men, susceptible to fractures, most commonly in the vertebrae, hip, and distal radius. Genetic factors, activity levels, nutrition, and estrogen levels also influence its development.
Average Short Answer F1 Score: 0.54
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Reasoning:
The lumbrical muscles are responsible for movements related to the index and middle fingers. The provided text states that "All of these muscles are innervated by the median nerve (or its branches) except the FDP to the ring and small fingers, which are innervated by the ulnar nerve." Since the lumbricals of the index and middle fingers are not specified as exceptions, they are innervated by the median nerve.

Final Answer: The median nerve.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Final Answer: The fusion of transverse processes of adjacent sacral vertebrae lateral to the bifurcation of spinal nerves into posterior and anterior rami creates separate anterior and posterior sacral foramina, allowing the rami to exit separately.

Reasoning:
1. The question asks about the anatomical feature that allows separate exit of anterior and posterior rami of spinal nerves S1-S4 from the sacrum.
2. The first provided text states that the transverse processes of adjacent sacral vertebrae fuse lateral to the bifurcation of spinal nerves into posterior and anterior rami.
3. This fusion creates separate anterior and posterior sacral foramina.
4. The anterior rami exit through the anterior sacral foramina, and the posterior rami exit through the posterior sacral foramina.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Final Answer: Vertebral arteries

Reasoning: The foramina transversaria are unique to the cervical vertebrae and provide a bony canal for the vertebral arteries to ascend to the brain. The atlas (C1) vertebra is the first cervical vertebra and is closely associated with the vertebral arteries as they pass through its foramen transversarium and curve medially around the lateral mass of the atlas to enter the vertebral canal.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Reasoning:
The provided text states that the spinotransversales muscles, specifically the splenius capitis and splenius cervicis, when acting individually, rotate the head to the same side as the contracting muscle.

Final Answer: Contraction of a spinotransversales muscle rotates the head to the same side as the muscle that is contracting.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Reasoning:
The question asks what can be identified at the junction where the sagittal and lambdoid sutures meet. According to the provided text, "the junction of the sagittal and lambdoid sutures is the lambda".

Final Answer: Lambda
Average Multi-hop F1 Score: 0.59
Short Inverse Response: Incorrect Explanation: The provided answer is incorrect because it misstates the number of vertebrae in each region. The correct numbers are: 7 cervical, 12 thoracic, 5 lumbar, 5 sacral, and 3-4 coccygeal.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Explanation: The provided answer is incorrect because it misstates the number of vertebrae in each region. The correct numbers are: 7 cervical, 12 thoracic, 5 lumbar, 5 sacral, and 3-4 coccygeal.
Short Inverse Response: Incorrect Explanation: While T2 does innervate the posterior back, the provided answer implies it's the *highest* thoracic dermatome on the posterior back. Dermatomes progress sequentially down the spine, so T2 would be relatively high, but other thoracic dermatomes (T3, T4, etc.) would also cover areas of the posterior back lower down. The primary area covered by T2 is the upper chest and back, near the axilla.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Explanation: While T2 does innervate the posterior back, the provided answer implies it's the *highest* thoracic dermatome on the posterior back. Dermatomes progress sequentially down the spine, so T2 would be relatively high, but other thoracic dermatomes (T3, T4, etc.) would also cover areas of the posterior back lower down. The primary area covered by T2 is the upper chest and back, near the axilla.
Short Inverse Response: Incorrect Explanation: Lumbar vertebrae are actually larger than both cervical and thoracic vertebrae, as they bear more weight. The provided answer has it backwards.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Explanation: Lumbar vertebrae are actually larger than both cervical and thoracic vertebrae, as they bear more weight. The provided answer has it backwards.
Short Inverse Response: Incorrect Explanation: The testicular artery passes through the deep inguinal ring but exits the inguinal canal via the deep ring as well; it does not pass through the superficial inguinal ring. The spermatic cord, which contains the testicular artery, passes through both rings.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Explanation: The testicular artery passes through the deep inguinal ring but exits the inguinal canal via the deep ring as well; it does not pass through the superficial inguinal ring. The spermatic cord, which contains the testicular artery, passes through both rings.
Short Inverse Response: Incorrect Explanation: The urethra penetrates the perineal membrane, not the levator ani muscle, as it passes from the pelvic cavity to the perineum. While the levator ani muscle contributes to the pelvic floor, the urethra specifically passes through an opening (hiatus) in the perineal membrane.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Explanation: The urethra penetrates the perineal membrane, not the levator ani muscle, as it passes from the pelvic cavity to the perineum. While the levator ani muscle contributes to the pelvic floor, the urethra specifically passes through an opening (hiatus) in the perineal membrane.
Average Short Inverse F1 Score: 0.71
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Reasoning Step: Step 1
Incorrect Reasoning Explanation: Step 1 makes an assumption that blood traveling through emissary veins empties directly into the internal jugular veins, bypassing other routes. This is incorrect because the text implies the emissary veins connect intracranial with extracranial veins, not directly to the internal jugular.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Reasoning Step: Step 2
Incorrect Reasoning Explanation: This step makes a vague statement about coordination among muscle groups and influence of more than one set of nerves, but it does not directly address the question of which specific motor functions depend *primarily* on the intrinsic muscles innervated by *both* the median and ulnar nerves. The question requires identifying functions that are critically dependent on the combined innervation of these two nerves, not just general coordination.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Reasoning Step: Step 3
Incorrect Reasoning Explanation: This step makes an unsupported leap in logic. While it correctly states that sympathetic fibers travel through the sympathetic trunk to reach the head, it incorrectly concludes that the signals must originate *below* the T1-T5 range. The text explicitly states that the sympathetic preganglionic neurons controlling sympathetic functions in the head and neck are distributed at levels C8 to T5. There is no reason to assume that these signals originate below T1.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Reasoning Step: Step 1
Incorrect Reasoning Explanation: While pelvic splanchnic nerves are involved in sexual function, this information is irrelevant to the role of the levator ani during sexual arousal. The reasoning incorrectly pivots to nerve control of erection, which does not address the muscle's function.
Metric error: "hypothesis" expects pre-tokenized hypothesis (Iterable[str]): Incorrect Reasoning Step: Step 5
Incorrect Reasoning Explanation: Damage to the ulnar nerve after Guyon's canal primarily affects the intrinsic hand muscles (interossei, adductor pollicis, and the two medial lumbricals) and sensation to the palmar side of the fourth and fifth digits. It does NOT affect the entire hand or the dorsal surface. The dorsal cutaneous branch of the ulnar nerve branches off in the forearm, proximal to Guyon's canal, so damage distal to the canal will not affect dorsal sensation.
Average Multi-hop Inverse F1 Score: 0.63

Evaluation Complete. Overall Score: 0.68
Detailed results saved to /home/rishit/srikar/cliniqlink/ClinIQLink_Sample-dataset/sample_submission/enhanced_medical_evaluation_results.json
(cliniqlink) rishit@SJP-DIT400TR-55L:~/srikar/cliniqlink$ 